---
title: 00-Minnesota
---

## Minnesota

### Monday June 26th

Headed to Minneapolis from Phoenix with Dan, Ben, Sam, and Max.  Mom finished up picking up the house, cleaning, and washing the walls, while we headed to Aunt Alison and Nick's.

### Tuesday June 27th

We went to Lucy lake, did some paddle boarding.  stayed with max for the second round of paddle boarding while he played in the sand and we share an ice cream sandwich  met up with Mike Stern and Katrina and family at a local brewery, had empanadas and tacos.

### Wednesday June 28th

I caught up on a little work, reading Yuhao's thesis in the morning. took the kids to the park. Sammy had to come home early. Kids had an attempted water fight but it was a fractious affair.  I cooked sausages and corn on the grill.

### Thursday June 29th

We went to lake Minnewashta in the morning, walked around a little bit by myself, pushed the kids in the swing, walked around, came back home for lunch, had a proper water fight with more and better water blasters, then had burgers and watched big hero six.

### Friday, June 30

Spent the morning at home, walked to the park, had a water blaster fight, did the slip and slide, read about the Marauders map, had tacos and a fire after dinner with s'mores and ghost stories.

### Saturday July 1st

started the morning off with pancakes. headed to the lake around 11:00 and stayed most of the afternoon.  came home, let the kids play in the basement, began a new book, had pizza and finished Big hero 6.  Sara got in late.



